Add notes from N8CIR RSE Leaders Meeting 2025 (#15)
RSE-leaders/evidence-bank: challenges/team_structure.md

# Team Structure

## Embedded RSEs

- It can be expensive and difficult to bring in an entirely embedded RSE into the
  central team.
- Some RSE teams have a hard boundary between the central team and the embedded RSEs.

> - In these teams the central team is not responsible for the funding or work of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  In these teams the central team is not responsible for the funding or work of
```

  the embedded RSEs.
- Some RSE teams have a soft boundary between the central team and the embedded RSEs.
  In these teams the central team is responsible for the funding and work of the
  embedded RSEs.

## Integrating All RTPs into RSE Teams

RSE teams are increasingly including all RTP skills in their teams in addition to
RSEs. This can include research infrastructure engineers and research data managers.
They are also including more administrative roles such as project managers
and finance officers.

- Inclusion of project manageers and administrative roles can help with cost recovery

### Research Data Managers

- How we cost these roles is more challenging as they are less likely to be directly

>   associated with a project.

Reviewer: Not necessarily! Our data stewards often are...

Author: I've rephrased this to "when not directly associated with a project". This is probably a point to review anyway as research data managers/stewards are increasingly embedded in RSE/dRTP teams.

## Moving RSEs between projects

Software engineers in research often need to be able to adapt to new projects
in different domains and with different technology stacks. This can be a challenge
both for the RSE and for the team leader.

- How do we best support RSEs in moving between projects?
- How do we communicate/persuade a RSE to move between projects? Particularly if
  the new project is in a different domain or technology stack. Autonomy can help
  by allowing them to have some choice in the projects they work on.

## Connection to Central IT

> Some RSE teams are embedded in central RSE while others exist within a faculty

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some RSE teams are embedded in central IT while others exist within an academic faculty.
Others are hybrid or uniquely situated.
```
